do you know commander mackenzie he has a
daughter
i can't leave without her i'll take you
to mcdonald's we can get you out
you and the baby but you have to go
right now who's we martha's
you're being cool confusing her like
this
i'm confusing
dear lord what have you done you're
gonna see your son again i'm not his
mother anymore
of course you are your son is in canada
he's free with your wife
you don't need to protect me
as a person in need of protection do you
wish to seek asylum
in the country of canada
you're not gonna be any trouble are you
no sir
are you luke yeah your wife saved my
life
they're safe emily the baby they made it
did you try to find me i tried so hard
why didn't you try harder you let them
do that to serena
we all have our roles to play serena
needed to be reminded of ours
what did you do i did what was best
for my child you're getting favored to a
murderer
i said internet of gilead have a nice
life don't get caught
you guys are handmade you're sweden
aren't you
it's dangerous my friends turn away
right it was my
choice i drove you to desperation
women like you are like children asking
for too much
taking whatever you want damn the
consequence you're helping her escape
yes she just needs a safe place to wait
it's your funeral
clean it up
who's in the basement just beth we saw
rat she screamed that's a lie i knew it
was a mistake
taking you the american i am the boy and
his mother can go but i'm afraid you'll
need a canadian visa
oh i would never have put you in a new
posting
after what you pull to the mackenzie's
you should be on the wall
when's she gonna let him know that she's
here um
hi you want me to go back to fred you
know there's no place in this world for
you without fred
serena okay after what you put us
through i'm not sure you know you
spoiled your little girl
you gave that baby your way and it
wasn't even yours
she isn't my friend i need you to know
what it was like between us spoilers i'm
not that person anymore
maybe we're stronger than we think we
are
fine only a mother could do what you did
if you
just think about all the other mothers
who have had their children taken away
from them
you have to try did you maybe give her a
real voice
behind the scenes if that would fix
things it's worth discussing commander
wants to reconcile
but he doesn't know how to do it so i
made a suggestion
did you maybe use strings have you found
her
respectful we've had trouble with her in
the past
yes i won't go now
all right my love you know that man
is it lucas bankhold
yes a young girl of hannah's age attend
a school for domestic arts the one in
her district is in brookline by the
reservoir
thank you she's gotten so big
[Music]
serena waterford luke bancol what do you
want out of this
i just wanted to see my daughter she's
not your daughter
or yours well you'd like to arrange a
visit
with nicole one visit to say goodbye
to you and i'll hold here
[Music]
we launched a preliminary complaint to
canada petitioning for nicole's return
i thought this is what you wanted our
daughter's safe in canada
luke there are some things i need to
tell you nicole
was born out of love our father's a
driver named
nick you met him i'm doing what i need
to to survive we
are family in mourning and we make this
request to the canadian government
our beloved baby daughter nicole
waterford
was kidnapped by a dangerous fugitive
fleeing
our country i am trying to get
to her i promise i love you
do you know commander mackenzie he has a
daughter her name is agnes
protect her please just love her for me
to look at starting a series of
district-wide salvagings one last
measured push would roll up the last of
the insurgent strongholds
attend a school for domestic arts the
one in her district is in proclaimed by
the reservoir
women make things awkward for you it is
awkward
but who cares what i've seen a lot of
these reunions and
it's not always a storybook ending
singer changed everything from me
seeing her changed you it didn't change
this place waterford has to borrow you
and he's trying to force the canadians
to talk about repatriating his daughter
you know this is all gonna be over soon
you're gonna get to go back home and
we're gonna stay here and you and i will
finally
be free of one another history bright
future
perhaps here in d.c you will never be
free of me until
both my children are safe i should have
put a ring in your mouth the day that we
met
i should have let you burn my attention
think about the good
i could do if i can help just one
person today we purify that
most grievous of sins the endangerment
of a child
mackenzie asked you to stop i just came
for my fourth hanging this week
her school in brooklyn go to the gate
guardian parker he's there today
that's enough you're a child yes he
made me truly worthy again yes go for a
walk
i really shouldn't i'll make sure
nothing happens to you
show me the trick you left screen i'm so
sorry
she won't stop asking about the children
mckenzie's are gone gone where i don't
know
not even my commander knocks i saw you
is mrs lauren's okay
do not presume to speak to me
about my life what happened to you at
loaves and fishes talking to that martha
i saved you do you have any idea what
you did
never be free of me until both of my
children are safe
that is my constant prayer for nicole
you will not let her go
because i love her this isn't love you
can't love it
you're being so mean she got someone
executed she doesn't feel sorry about it
she should have kept her [ __ ] mouth
shut you will have matthew doesn't want
her baby well
it was just a second that's a sin
sins of a child
is among the gravest of sins
the commander tried to have children i
wanted to he disagreed
they were always adjusting my dosage i
wish we could have
hey lydia may i go home please you may
go home
when your walking partner goes home of
course it's returned we
do our best to move the others along
quickly you're not well
no june
so much leverage comes from the child
they're back home
you want me to keep her there just for a
bit my offer still stands
treason and coco that's you you never
have to go back to gilead again
do you really think that i would leave
my home see my daughters again
she's someone's child too i honor the
handmaid's life
by saving her child how will you honor
your daughters
it's been months we're no closer to
nicole i met someone in canada who can
help
us an american i'm going to get out as
many children as i can
they all deserve to be free no a message
from the network
no more medication for eleanor for the
resistance how do you know
i chose lawrence's contributions to
gilead have been substantial
but first he's had four handmaids not
one is produced if he's unfit to lead
his household he's unfit to leave yeah
i'm leaving joseph would help you you
could leave together
joseph is a war criminal he can't cross
the border
he would be jailed for the rest of his
life and he would deserve it
lawrence's comparing witness we pray
with you for a fruitful outcome
you i'll get you a truck you get my wife
out
safely you can get out too you just have
to bring them something valuable
kids do you the doctor is going to check
me you are the love of my life
do you know anyone who could help me
move children out i'm going to get them
out
you're going to get yourself killed
commander waterford you have now crossed
into canada we are arresting you
for war crimes crimes of aggression in
violation of international
human rights treaties and brothers
muffins mean yes
we're gonna need a bigger boat you
should go
eleanor you were raped because of him i
need him now i have a plan eleanor
it is you let's talk sit down
take off your panties are you billy you
have access to a cargo plane you want a
ride
not for me for bet and a commander and
his wife and 52 children
so you'll do it
they'll be coming for us
hey there's a service elevator at the
end of the hall
on the left they grabbed me in chicago i
saw you
at the cages you saved me you're [ __ ]
fantastic
billy's in it's happening a week from
today all right the waterfronts are now
in custody in toronto
expecting to get your baby back but they
were ambushed are they in prison
facing trial as war criminals martha's
will bring the kids to the lauren's
house after dark
then he'll get them to the plane i went
in i'll scored a kid
what closed the border move up our
departure did plane is on a weekly
schedule it has to look legit you need
to convince them to keep the border open
where you go grave eleanor wake up may
the good lord forgive her sins
eleanor for we did not save her troubled
soul
in the name of god we commit the body of
eleanor
to the peace of the grain i kept the
border open you convinced the council
it's hard to argue with a man who's in
mourning
it isn't about being right for having
the people or god on your side
set by the eyes
i will get the children to the airport
the plane leaves at midnight
you wouldn't do anything that would put
your friends in danger
would you of course not hey lydia watch
yourself
you got it
i didn't surrender my rights mr toelo
i traded them for my daughter you've
cooperated completely with that
comes privileges she has a plan
seriously it's taking too long the plane
will be waiting for us at midnight
no no no no yeah i'm sorry
let her go
under warrant from the icc and the
government of the united states of
america i'm
placing you under arrest forced your
driver to impregnate ms osborne so you
could claim the resulting child
nick and alfred had a relationship we
have to go
we have to go now get everybody out get
the bags
guess what you're gonna do you're gonna
take them follow the fence
find a safe place to get them across all
right get them on the plane
okay don't don't do this
hands up
oh clear false alarm
[Music]
luke she did this
june your june
she did this
[Music]
i know they're sorrows and i am come to
deliver them from the hand of evil men
and to lead my people out of that
sorrowful place
[Music]